when when I was studying economics there
was it's a very funny subject there's
there's lots of different areas that we
were looking at I really enjoyed the the
philosophical humanistic side of
economics unfortunately there wasn't
actually much of that it started well
everything that I was learning really
was how can we mathematically put
together a formula to model a scenario
that we we know happens and try and come
up with a reason based upon some
assumptions which just don't really bear
any reality whatsoever so based upon I
found it really really hard to relate to
this and as I mentioned I really spent
most of my time getting good at maths
and trying to pass exams and really
building a lot of my experience outside
of economics which didn't really help me
to pass my exams so it just seems the
economics lost itself from what it
originally was when they seemed to try
and introduce a lot more mass and make
it more scientific and it just seemed to
lose itself there and I find it hard to
actually believe that this is the
foundation for how we actually run our
economy originally some of my the people
that I became most interested in was I
admired Milton Friedman's work so I say
I spent most of my time at University
very much from a free marketeer a
capitalist because I k i was extremely
interested as an entrepreneur myself in
business and so naturally his his
philosophy just gravitated for me but I
started to notice a few things which are
as I started to understand economics a
little bit more and how how the money
system works that didn't quite add up
for me and started to notice some things
which just seemed completely
inappropriate to be left of the free
market which is where I really
discovered this this whole crazy little
school of thought
in economics that I associate myself
with right now who believe that money is
far too important to actually be
privately created and most people seem
to call us wacky for believing that when
I first discovered this this tiny little
this little group of people who were
monitored called themselves monetary
reformers I was amazed at how small it
actually was for an issue that seems so
huge throughout history you know many
many many monetary reformers your huge
figureheads presidents and if throughout
history what seemed to be one of the
biggest political battles in history of
who actually creates money had just
diminished to this this tiny group of
people and you could put them into two
groups of people you've got the the
people that discovered monetary reform
through many what what people like to
call conspiracy theories and you have
people that really look into that the
serious economics behind it and so I
naturally wanted to gravitate towards
the you know what who other people are
actually saying that there's issues with
our monetary system and I was just
amazed at how small the actual movement
was how small that there's actually in
in in England there's a group of people
that have been meeting up for 14 years
called the bromsgrove group and it
consisted and i went there and presented
it consistent of 50 people and it seemed
like that was the biggest movement for
what used to be just such a huge issue
and for me when I when I discovered that
I immediately tried to really figure out
why why this actually was and what
really if there's any beauty that came
out of the financial crisis is it proved
it provided an amazing catalyst for
bringing what was crazy and wacky during
a boom market where everyone was
prosperous into all of a sudden people
of the stature of Mervyn King discussing
what this tiny little group of people
were discussing in a room
and so for me it was it was just amazing
and I still to this day mesmerised how
little people actually discuss this
movement but you know some of the famous
authors like James Robertson in this
area of hugely influenced by his work
and but what we've been trying to do is
is to take the foundation of the work
and when you look in history some of the
greatest Economist's have really looked
at these issues as the Chicago plan in
history there's Milton Friedman some
major major economist during the last
depressions who all got together to put
together solutions and came up with
monetary reforms that just gradually
disappeared over the bull markets and
the prosperous markets
you